so you know what this this means guys
we're at the dentist again the camera
every day's favorite place to be because
you're gonna watch people drilled my
mouth and hit me Darrell and Phil drill
and fill and cringe because I just found
out to get experts today and I was
getting nervous last one got xrays had
nine cavities if my mom got so yeah yeah
I don't that reaction okay and then I
gave had to gonna fill and a doctor
commented on my mom's reaction and it
was awesome the circle of life just kept
going overhead yeah yeah so remember
last present Dennis and I had nine or
eight cavities now I have none well I
guess I have one that's starting doc
said if i flossed real well bill died so
i'm just getting centering that nut now
let's see what cool things we got here
first let's plug in our sweet tunes turn
on the car because it's how cold is it
outside I don't I'll let you guys know
in a second we have reached fresh new
tooth brush floss and stuff to get under
my bar I have this I have like a a bar
under my teeth that always gets stuff
what is this easy for you more floss and
stuff and then like a information packet
on philosophy stuff well that's what
kind of a boring I got to get like a car
mount I used to do this I used to use um
um yeah if I got a car mount then I
could just because I like talk on the
phone when I Drive and if I got a Carm
out I could just talk to myself and like
if I ever got in a car accident you
could see it if you badass but right now
I'm gonna leave this place
which is downtown it's get little gloomy
I don't know buddy my sunglasses right
now but I'm going to use them because i
think i look and uh i'm going to go in
my usual coffee spot get my large iced
coffee with a double shot of espresso
and cream maybe a smoothie and then a
pumpkin vegan cookie they have good free
cookies and they're better there's a
company called alternative baking goods
and they make these pumpkin cookies make
it in vegan and gluten-free form and
they're the best cookies I've ever had
in my entire life severe ocm I know I
asked you in the airport's a lot but
they never have the pumpkin one the
pumpkin ones the only one that counts
don't want those are the ones fool you
purchased a joke they're just a joke
they're just a joke yeah I need to get a
car mount I need a camera that faces
front ways so when i export the footage
i can get it shows both angles so talent
living is called minden and it's very
very small it's connected to another
town called garnerville which is also
very small which makes for two very
small towns and um we have one main
little street in it and I'm on that main
little street it's a two-lane highway
with a turning lane in the middle
there's a nice little coffee shop called
coffee on main it's only coffee shop in
place it doesn't it's not Starbucks
there's two starbucks is it's the only
thing Starbucks is the only thing we
have to of in town we have two gas
stations and to grocery stores but the
grocery stores are right actual each
other so that's kind of dumb please the
starbucks is arrived both ends of town
and I come here every day then I get
cookies in espresso another great jams
in other great chance
oh well Carm out sesh this is good fun
but I got a light color wrap with 70 FS
i turn my light to conserve energy but
not this light you want know why because
this chair is our Christmas lights
mom what are you doing I'm reading what
people wrote you're not having any
cavities and being 80 degrees in your
music room Laura some of the funnier one
someone do a shout-out council out
there were some pretty darn thing
actually they're all pretty funny turn
the heat off Seth Eppley forget mom
Jesus Christ you just Louis reader in
the world you're just laughing for like
four minutes straight I was reading all
of them okay yes okay this one says yes
about time we had a dental report
Anthony Spencer pretty funny big
chocolate makes music an 18-degree
weather just another reason why he's
better than you Andrew steinke come to
check Texas it's shorts and tanks top
weather Col Smith Colt Smith dude my
studio is always cold garen wings Oh see
I should do a make a song called frozen
chocolate I should do marine argon shout
out another week hey you should but I'm
gonna miss all your own shadow of the
week you don't want to pay your respects
to your fans but if I made a match our
own fan club on facebook no would you
ever read comedy with some links from
you links mustache march are you gonna
do that this year Cameron probably not
did you've done it when do bald-headed
Cameron save that one for 2012